Improve readme (#836)
OpenTermsArchive/contrib-declarations: README.md

These services declarations are added and maintained by volunteer contributors, with occasional reviews from the Open Terms Archive core team. Most of these declarations were historically imported from TOSBack.org.

> These service declarations are consumed by the [Open Terms Archive engine](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The terms listed in this collection are tracked by the [Open Terms Archive engine](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine). 
```

You can [explore the tracked versions](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/contrib-versions) interactively or [download them as a dataset](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/contrib-versions/releases) in the `OpenTermsArchive/contrib-versions` repository.

- - -

## Scope

The terms tracked by this repository are those of services that operate:

- In any industry.
- In any jurisdiction.
- In the English language.

> Please note that due to its specific history of being the first instance of Open Terms Archive, before a clear architectural choice for decentralisation was taken, and being mostly based on non-curated imports of an existing fonds, this scope is unusually large and inconsistently enforced. We strongly encourage contributors to focus on [topical instances](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/#instances) and use this instance only as a last resort.

Reviewer: I feel like the link should be more a link to the list of instances than to the documentation of what instances are, WDYT? 🙂 

```suggestion
Please note that due to its specific history of being the first instance of Open Terms Archive, before a clear architectural choice for decentralisation was taken, and being mostly based on non-curated imports of an existing fonds, this scope is unusually large and inconsistently enforced. We strongly encourage contributors to focus on [topical collections](https://opentermsarchive.org/#collections) and use this collection only as a last resort.
```

Author: Totally agree
